# Cambly Session - 2026-01-01

Neal: Hi.

Elise Jenkins: Uh i was scared hi no no it's okay it's okay i didn't usually the the class it like ding before the student comes um but it didn't and i just heard your voice suddenly hi how are you.

Neal: Yeah, I'm very good and.

Elise Jenkins: That's.

Neal: This is a happy new.

Elise Jenkins: Good.

Neal: Year.

Elise Jenkins: Happy new year yeah um not.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, how about you.

Elise Jenkins: Bad it's not new year yet but we're getting there yeah.

Neal: So.

Elise Jenkins: But.

Neal: What time is.

Elise Jenkins: My god.

Neal: It.

Elise Jenkins: You're.

Neal: Here?

Elise Jenkins: In the future um it's 7 p.

Neal: 7.

Elise Jenkins: .m.

Neal: P .m. Oh almost so.

Elise Jenkins: I have.

Neal: Five.

Elise Jenkins: Five hours left.

Neal: Hours.

Elise Jenkins: In 2025.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's.

Elise Jenkins: I can't wait for it to be over.

Neal: It's Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah yeah.

Neal: New Year's morning here. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: But so you must be tired did.

Neal: Yeah No.

Elise Jenkins: You stay up late last.

Neal: No.

Elise Jenkins: Night.

Neal: So -so only Changing the year when I when I I say up The time that change the year and I went to.

Elise Jenkins: Uh to.

Neal: Very.

Elise Jenkins: Till.

Neal: Good.

Elise Jenkins: Midnight.

Neal: But yeah, yeah, I tell me that I wake up to meet tonight and after that I Went to sleep. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Okay right i think for me i hope that i do the same thing yeah because i don't know it's my normal time to sleep anyway um and.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: I'm working tomorrow so yeah yeah why not.

Neal: So what oh what what what Do you do tomorrow? What do you do.

Elise Jenkins: Gambling.

Neal: Tomorrow the?

Elise Jenkins: Oh yeah.

Neal: Country.

Elise Jenkins: No i'll i'll give.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: Class.

Neal: See I see I see Yeah, yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Right so i.

Neal: Exactly.

Elise Jenkins: Mean it'll be a chill day it's no big deal.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: And i i have.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Class with regular students so yeah.

Neal: -hmm. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: It's easy.

Neal: -hmm Dude.

Elise Jenkins: No.

Neal: Do.

Elise Jenkins: Um.

Neal: You live? Do you live with your boyfriend right? No.

Elise Jenkins: Of course.

Neal: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah What does he do.

Elise Jenkins: Uh he has a company that exports um i don't know if you know this type of hat they're called panama hats um so.

Neal: I know.

Elise Jenkins: They're called panama hat but they're from ecuador uh the panama part is not true um yeah.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, I.

Elise Jenkins: But they got that name because do you know the panama canal.

Neal: Know the.

Elise Jenkins: So.

Neal: Under.

Elise Jenkins: When they panama canal um.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: All of the workers were wearing these hats from ecuador and the president of the united states at the time was teddy roosevelt and toady toady teddy toady teddy teddy roosevelt uh said like he called them panama hats because they were hats that he saw in panama but they were from ecuador so they kept the name yeah.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: They kept the name but they're from here so he yeah his company makes like produces and exports panama hats.

Neal: Maybe it's it's very another story, but maybe I same I'm the same day or birthday or as Lose the Teddy the president the What what what.

Elise Jenkins: Teddy roosevelt.

Neal: Is it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah his birthday is my same birthday, maybe October 27th.

Elise Jenkins: Uh -huh really on.

Neal: Yeah, maybe yeah.

Elise Jenkins: September 27th oh my god you're right yeah that is his birthday.

Neal: Yeah, I When I was high school, I look for what what people same my birthday and many what kind of Famous person is same and I and I know he's about his I like him.

Elise Jenkins: All right yeah of course yeah but of course you were born many years after uh wait what year were you born 19 1989.

Neal: 80 90 no a 1989 89 yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Okay yeah i thought so same.

Neal: Yeah. Mm.

Elise Jenkins: As okay wait hold on.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Do you like taylor swift oh.

Neal: Tell us if yeah, I did. Yeah, of course, I know.

Elise Jenkins: You like okay uh but do you like her.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Okay yeah so same year as taylor swift.

Neal: Yeah, oh really It was just the.

Elise Jenkins: That's.

Neal: Same.

Elise Jenkins: Why yeah one of her albums is named 1989 because it's the year she was born.

Neal: I see. I see. I see. I see. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, same age.

Elise Jenkins: I don't think you like.

Neal: Huh.

Elise Jenkins: Taylor swift that much if you didn't know that.

Neal: Really why do.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah you're.

Neal: You like don't.

Elise Jenkins: Not a.

Neal: You.

Elise Jenkins: Real.

Neal: Like.

Elise Jenkins: Fan i don't i don't even like taylor swift i don't like taylor swift um but i know that she was born in december and.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: I know because she has a song about it and i know that she was born in 1989 because her album.

Neal: -hmm. Oh.

Elise Jenkins: Is called that yeah for me that was the best that that was her best album.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Was 1989.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: After.

Neal: Say.

Elise Jenkins: That i.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Didn't like her anymore.

Neal: For hi, please.

Elise Jenkins: Um.

Neal: Tell me.

Elise Jenkins: I don't know she's too old she's.

Neal: Uh.

Elise Jenkins: Too.

Neal: -huh.

Elise Jenkins: Old to write the songs that she writes her lyrics um.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Like she hasn't developed as a.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Writer she.

Neal: Mm -hmm. Mm.

Elise Jenkins: Hasn't.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Grown she.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Has not aged.

Neal: Yeah Mm.

Elise Jenkins: So she.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Still writes songs like she's 16.

Neal: I see I see. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: And.

Neal: My my guy.

Elise Jenkins: She's.

Neal: My yeah.

Elise Jenkins: 36.

Neal: Maybe six. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah so.

Neal: My girlfriend didn't I know doesn't like her too.

Elise Jenkins: Yes i like your girlfriend more every day every time i learn something new about her and i'm like all of the heart shapes whatever hearts wait she's like super young right she's like so maybe she does this heart i'm too old for this i can't this heart is really hard but all of the kids do this one and my my cheek isn't i can't i can't do this one because my cheek isn't big enough.

Neal: Yeah, yeah So what.

Elise Jenkins: Struggle getting old or yeah.

Neal: Me too How what what will you do know what's your plan the The New Year's and the end of this year or New Year, yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Like tonight.

Neal: Tonight. Yeah tonight and tomorrow. Mm -hmm Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah well tomorrow i'll work like normal it'll.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Just be a normal day for me that's what happens when new year's is on the thursday but um tonight my boyfriend's family is coming over and we're.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Making pizza.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Um i made sourdough crust for the.

Neal: Uh.

Elise Jenkins: Pizza so.

Neal: -huh. Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: I'm making pizza and we'll have a small dessert we'll just have a meal together and i am trying i'm so close.

Neal: Uh.

Elise Jenkins: I'm.

Neal: -huh.

Elise Jenkins: Trying to finish a book.

Neal: Uh -huh.

Elise Jenkins: Um.

Neal: What.

Elise Jenkins: Because.

Neal: Do you.

Elise Jenkins: I want to start a new book tomorrow i want to finish this book and leave it because i started this book in august i.

Neal: Uh -huh very no.

Elise Jenkins: Started this book in august okay and the problem is that i haven't read it consistently like because i was reading other books like for my book club or for fun and so this one i didn't finish it this whole time so i want to finish it and leave it like behind i have one two three four five chapters left this morning this morning i had like 30 chapters left now i have five so i.

Neal: Very good.

Elise Jenkins: Can do it i'm reading.

Neal: What.

Elise Jenkins: Like.

Neal: Kind of.

Elise Jenkins: This um yeah yeah.

Neal: What.

Elise Jenkins: But.

Neal: Kind of.

Elise Jenkins: Uh.

Neal: Book do you read.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah so this book in particular is non -fiction i don't read a lot of non -fiction um so but it's called um understanding.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: Power by noam chomsky it's.

Neal: Don't.

Elise Jenkins: Like.

Neal: Know.

Elise Jenkins: It's about it's kind of about like politics and history and economics and things like that.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah do you like reading reading.

Elise Jenkins: I.

Neal: A book.

Elise Jenkins: Love reading yeah this will be if i finish this book.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: I think let me check my goodreads.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Okay if i finish this book i.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Will have read 31 books this year.

Neal: 30 31 31.

Elise Jenkins: 31.

Neal: Oh, baby Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: The same as my age does that mean next year i have to.

Neal: Good.

Elise Jenkins: Read 32 every.

Neal: Good.

Elise Jenkins: Year i'll read one more yeah but yeah i read a lot i.

Neal: Yeah, yeah Mm.

Elise Jenkins: Try to.

Neal: -hmm. Very good thing. I I like reading book, but recently I I haven't read book entry.

Elise Jenkins: It's hard yeah if you get out of the habit like you don't read often it's really hard to read right it's.

Neal: Yeah exactly yeah, yeah, you're right so.

Elise Jenkins: Like going to the gym like.

Neal: Exactly.

Elise Jenkins: If you stop going to the gym it's really.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Hard to go to the.

Neal: That.

Elise Jenkins: Gym again yeah.

Neal: Exactly yeah, yeah, but but I Every year I I try to read the Book that you know the highly effective seven habits of.

Elise Jenkins: Seven.

Neal: 80.

Elise Jenkins: Habits oh.

Neal: Yeah, yeah that the the famous book I I.

Elise Jenkins: Um.

Neal: Every year every the beginning of the year I read this that book so I I I'm reading the book now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: You.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Just started today.

Neal: I know maybe three Days ago.

Elise Jenkins: No no.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah wrong. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah but do you read it to remind yourself.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah, exactly like that Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Okay oh yeah but is it a long book i never read it before but how how long is it.

Neal: The heavy I Don't know hold on 400.

Elise Jenkins: Some people.

Neal: Pages.

Elise Jenkins: Hmm it's.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, maybe yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Not.

Neal: Like.

Elise Jenkins: Short oh wait you're reading it in english.

Neal: Uh, this is my girlfriend's book.

Elise Jenkins: Uh it's her.

Neal: She.

Elise Jenkins: Copy.

Neal: Read in English and I I I recommend this to my boyfriend and I took maybe I tried Sometime I did in English, but This time I read the Japanese version, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah you can switch between like this year japanese next year english.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I I want I do my best Sometimes I.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah sometimes.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: It's hard to.

Neal: Did.

Elise Jenkins: Read.

Neal: The.

Elise Jenkins: In another.

Neal: Do.

Elise Jenkins: Language.

Neal: You know hold the book? Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: I love the book so good.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: Uh.

Neal: I let.

Elise Jenkins: Have you seen the.

Neal: No.

Elise Jenkins: Movie you.

Neal: I haven't seen movie.

Elise Jenkins: Have to watch the movie the movie is like i think the movie is just like the book and it's like it's so good and it's a classic i'm sure.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: I'm 100 sure she's.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: A little younger than me but.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: I'm sure that your girlfriend has seen the movie what.

Neal: Yeah, I maybe she.

Elise Jenkins: Hundred percent sure.

Neal: She But I let the book before in English, but Yeah, I Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: It's.

Neal: Overall I.

Elise Jenkins: Not so.

Neal: Can.

Elise Jenkins: Hard right.

Neal: Yeah, yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Um.

Neal: Although I can understand that Maybe details. I don't I didn't really understand.

Elise Jenkins: Sure.

Neal: So yeah, yeah Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah but if you watch the movie maybe there will be.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Some details because you see everything instead of reading it there will be details that you you understand more yeah but it's so funny like stanley yell nets.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah i love that his last name is his first name backwards like that's hilarious.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Elise Jenkins: That's perfect yeah yeah it's like a it's a kid's book but it's perfect for everyone i think everyone should read it yeah there's also there's this author i think um this author he writes um he writes for he writes my.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: God he writes a lot but he has like adult fiction books i think he.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Does like mystery adult mystery but then he has like kids books but his kids books are really fun yeah and they all have something to do with animals um but yeah they're fun they're interesting they're easy to read and they're kind of similar in a way to holes i think yeah because they're funny like yeah they make jokes and stuff like that but oh my gosh no holes are so iconic with there's the line uh people always reference this i.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Can fix that.

Neal: He's he's book he's written.

Elise Jenkins: Uh.

Neal: But.

Elise Jenkins: No from from holes i.

Neal: Uh -huh. I can't.

Elise Jenkins: Can fix.

Neal: See.

Elise Jenkins: That uh.

Neal: Oh my god.

Elise Jenkins: Do.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: You remember.

Neal: Don't leave him.

Elise Jenkins: The.

Neal: I can't fix.

Elise Jenkins: It's.

Neal: Uh -huh. The zeros zeros Mm.

Elise Jenkins: The.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Sam sam from holes um was like he was in love with who is her uh sam was the black man who.

Neal: Uh.

Elise Jenkins: Was in.

Neal: -huh.

Elise Jenkins: Love with a white woman and he would help her a lot and so she would ask him a question or or she would show him something and he always said oh i can fix that i can fix that i can fix that i can fix that and then he says oh you look lonely i can fix that and he kisses her.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I remember the the he.

Elise Jenkins: I.

Neal: Said He.

Elise Jenkins: Can fix that.

Neal: Says onions eyes.

Elise Jenkins: Yes.

Neal: I see I see I see.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah yeah the onion boy onion boy.

Neal: Everybody.

Elise Jenkins: Uh oh wait but that reminds me have you seen or.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Do you know um um the princess bride.

Neal: This bride, I don't know.

Elise Jenkins: Wow princess bride.

Neal: -hmm the book.

Elise Jenkins: It's a book and a movie yeah.

Neal: I don't yeah, I don't know.

Elise Jenkins: Oh okay yeah.

Neal: Yeah, uh.

Elise Jenkins: Because there's a similar kind of similar character and.

Neal: -huh.

Elise Jenkins: Similar line um he said so in the princess bride there's a character called wesley and.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: His famous line.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Kind of like i can fix that is um as you wish so.

Neal: Uh.

Elise Jenkins: It's like the two.

Neal: -huh.

Elise Jenkins: Like famous romances.

Neal: Mm -hmm. Mm -hmm. Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Um.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: From like childhood movies.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah, I'll check for you.

Elise Jenkins: I can fix that and as you wish.

Neal: Hey.

Elise Jenkins: Mm -hmm.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Elise Jenkins: I'm sure again.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: 100 %.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Sure your girlfriend knows it.

Neal: Okay. I I I ask her later.

Elise Jenkins: She has to she has to if you like does she like lord of the rings.

Neal: Yeah, maybe she likes that but she doesn't like people.

Elise Jenkins: Not.

Neal: Do.

Elise Jenkins: Like huge fan but like she.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Like okay.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah, she doesn't like.

Elise Jenkins: I feel like she's.

Neal: He.

Elise Jenkins: Princess.

Neal: Doesn't.

Elise Jenkins: Bride.

Neal: Like Harry Potter.

Elise Jenkins: Star.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: Wars uh harry potter.

Neal: Stopped I was too. That was neither. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Star.

Neal: I like.

Elise Jenkins: Wars is like get out of here sorry my dad loves star wars like loves it but i don't know like star wars is just fine.

Neal: And.

Elise Jenkins: Fine.

Neal: She.

Elise Jenkins: To me i.

Neal: Yes.

Elise Jenkins: Think lord of.

Neal: She.

Elise Jenkins: The.

Neal: Does.

Elise Jenkins: Rings is better.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, I don't I Don't I don't I haven't seen Lord of the Ring, but yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: It's.

Neal: So yeah. Yeah, I don't know Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Really long.

Neal: Exactly.

Elise Jenkins: So.

Neal: Really long yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Part.

Neal: Each each.

Elise Jenkins: Of me is.

Neal: Movie.

Elise Jenkins: Like no what you have to watch lord of the rings but the other part of me is like it's really long so i understand i.

Neal: Yeah, yeah and she.

Elise Jenkins: Want to read lord of the rings this year.

Neal: And.

Elise Jenkins: I'm writing i'm writing some goals and stuff.

Neal: Very good, yeah How about if she likes the book the name of? The series of unfortunate unfortunate event.

Elise Jenkins: All the series of unfortunate events by lemony snicket.

Neal: And she likes the.

Elise Jenkins: The.

Neal: I Do you know darling dimension? dimension Intention do you know dimension the sir the? Sarge of dimension, you know the.

Elise Jenkins: What.

Neal: Sir sir the search of Direction I Do you know this book?

Elise Jenkins: The saga.

Neal: Saga saga.

Elise Jenkins: Saga the.

Neal: Yeah, I got.

Elise Jenkins: Saga of.

Neal: It's.

Elise Jenkins: Darren shucks i do not know this this.

Neal: Like.

Elise Jenkins: Might be after my generation wait what is this.

Neal: It's very Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Oh okay the first one was 2000 so no it would have been oh wait vampires i.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, it's very.

Elise Jenkins: Love vampires but yeah but i read i read more like saga of darren shan is um like young adult um it's more it's targeted to like children and teens more i read anne rice so like uh yeah queen queen of the dams and the vampire lestat uh the first one is interview with a vampire and these are like adult fiction books i read them when i was like 10.

Neal: Yeah, sorry.

Elise Jenkins: Oh yeah but like i really liked vampires.

Neal: So do.

Elise Jenkins: But i.

Neal: You.

Elise Jenkins: Didn't read.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: The saga of darren shan i should have you.

Neal: It's very famous and.

Elise Jenkins: Don't.

Neal: Very.

Elise Jenkins: Know.

Neal: Popular so I'm curious about this book. So yeah, yeah, but.

Elise Jenkins: You.

Neal: It's.

Elise Jenkins: Should.

Neal: Maybe.

Elise Jenkins: Read.

Neal: It's.

Elise Jenkins: It.

Neal: Yeah, it's a little bit maybe difficult it's right to.

Elise Jenkins: Wait.

Neal: Someday and.

Elise Jenkins: Wait darren shan or anne rice.

Neal: Daring dimension.

Elise Jenkins: Uh darren shan uh uh yeah i mean.

Neal: Maybe.

Elise Jenkins: I don't know i didn't read it but your girlfriend can help you hello she's a translator.

Neal: Yeah, exactly how do you have you seen the toilet Of course.

Elise Jenkins: Of course it's.

Neal: Of course.

Elise Jenkins: Ridiculous yeah so okay i have to say the books are really good like okay not good in terms of quality but good in terms of entertainment like they're very entertaining books so i enjoyed the books in middle school the movies are so silly like i think i think the movies are actually comedies like because it's just so ridiculous but i really i really love robert pattinson the.

Neal: The which.

Elise Jenkins: Actor.

Neal: One after the.

Elise Jenkins: The.

Neal: Main.

Elise Jenkins: Actor for edward.

Neal: Edward yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah yeah the main actor i really like him and.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: One reason i like him is because he hates twilight.

Neal: Ah, I see. I see.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah like.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Yeah he always hated it.

Neal: Really.

Elise Jenkins: Did you watch did you watch twilight.

Neal: Yeah, yeah with.

Elise Jenkins: Um.

Neal: My girlfriend.

Elise Jenkins: Okay all all of it.

Neal: Yeah, yeah Yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Okay you know uh when bella is giving birth.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Like she's having the baby.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Um edward aka robert pattinson is laughing like he's trying.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: He has to be serious but it's so ridiculous that you see him kind of like in the scene because he can't he can't not laugh because it's so silly yeah yeah twilight good one no you know what's really good the hunger games.

Neal: I don't know. I don't maybe.

Elise Jenkins: You.

Neal: I have.

Elise Jenkins: Have to know katniss.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Katniss and peter the hunger games.

Neal: I I have seen I have seen here I have heard that Yeah, I didn't know this movie this is Mm -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Um it's it's a book series that was made into movies like twilight but the hunger games is so good.

Neal: So good, yeah, this is vampire.

Elise Jenkins: Really good no it's not vampires it's it's totally different it's a dystopia yeah yeah yeah dystopia but it's so good i.

Neal: I check for I check it check it.

Elise Jenkins: Like.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Vampires and i like dystopia i'm a fan yeah the hunger games is amazing and it's like it's young adult so it's also for like a younger.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Younger generation but it's.

Neal: I.

Elise Jenkins: Really good like.

Neal: See.

Elise Jenkins: I read it as an adult and i really.

Neal: -hmm.

Elise Jenkins: Liked it um okay.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Adult i was 18 but still.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Elise Jenkins: Technically i could smoke cigarettes so i was an adult.

Neal: Like a.

Elise Jenkins: Oh no ta -ta see you.
