# Cambly Session - 2026-01-02

Eric Anthony: Hi, Neil.

Neal: Hi, Eric, how about.

Eric Anthony: Good.

Neal: You?

Eric Anthony: How you doing? Happy New Year.

Neal: Happy New Year! I'm doing great, and I'm from Japan, and I live in Tokyo, and I have a girlfriend. She's American.

Eric Anthony: Thanks.

Neal: We live together now, yeah. How about your New Year's Day?

Eric Anthony: I worked I.

Neal: Oh, really?

Eric Anthony: Have no life.

Neal: Oh, my God.

Eric Anthony: I know it's very depressing.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: So, thank you, thank thank you.

Neal: You...

Eric Anthony: For that introduction I lived in Asia for 15 years But I came home six months ago and I'm in New York I don't want to be here. I'm miserable.

Neal: Oh, why? Why? Why are you depressed? Mm.

Eric Anthony: First.

Neal: -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Of all, it's very cold It's.

Neal: -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Very expensive It's very dangerous. I'm in Brooklyn, New York. It's very.

Neal: Uh.

Eric Anthony: Dangerous and.

Neal: -huh. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: And.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: My life in Asia was so much better.

Neal: Oh, really?

Eric Anthony: Yeah Christmas I worked Thanksgiving. I worked in New Year's I.

Neal: -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Worked.

Neal: Oh, my God. You... What do you do?

Eric Anthony: So.

Neal: Teaching English.

Eric Anthony: So I was an English teacher for.

Neal: -hmm.

Eric Anthony: 15 years But now I work a stupid security.

Neal: -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Guard Job, this is not me. I have to wear a uniform and don't do that, you know.

Neal: Yeah. Uh.

Eric Anthony: It's.

Neal: -huh.

Eric Anthony: Not me.

Neal: Very tough. Yeah, it sounds very tough.

Eric Anthony: No, it's temporary. I'm waiting until.

Neal: Uh -huh.

Eric Anthony: March to.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Go back to Asia Yeah.

Neal: Ah. So, why do you temporarily go back home?

Eric Anthony: My dad died.

Neal: Oh, I see.

Eric Anthony: November 10th.

Neal: Mm -hmm. Oh.

Eric Anthony: So.

Neal: I'm sorry.

Eric Anthony: I helped him and my mother with some things.

Neal: -hmm. Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: But.

Neal: Mm -hmm, mm.

Eric Anthony: Now.

Neal: -hmm.

Eric Anthony: I'm ready to go back What part of Tokyo are you in?

Neal: I mean, not central, like, nearly Tokyo, the Skytree. Do you know the Skytree?

Eric Anthony: I only know Shinjuku, that's all I not.

Neal: The Tokyo... Mm -hmm. Almost.

Eric Anthony: Bad.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, almost near the Shinjuku, yeah.

Eric Anthony: That's expensive area.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I like this area, and many places are very expensive, but my area is not so expensive. Relatively another area, so, and, yeah, it's very good. I like my neighborhood, so, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: How did you meet your girlfriend?

Neal: We met on the dating app, and she's good at speaking Japanese, so.

Eric Anthony: Wow.

Neal: We, yeah, so we speak Japanese, usually, but I went to the United States last August. Yeah, and originally, I've been curious about English before we met, and I went to, it was my first time traveling abroad, and I went to the United States to visit her hometown, and it's in Idaho.

Eric Anthony: Idaho.

Neal: And, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, it was, but then I can't speak, I couldn't speak English very well, so I studied Cambrian after the traveling, and, yeah, now I want to improve my English more. It's my motivation, yeah.

Eric Anthony: I have never been to Idaho What's what is it like in this state?

Neal: Of course, I don't know another state, but I like Idaho, because there are a lot of natures, and people are very kind.

Eric Anthony: Yeah, I imagine.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: People are very kind.

Neal: And.

Eric Anthony: And everybody eats potatoes.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly, and she often said that, you know, United States are very dangerous, and especially the city, New York is very high, very expensive, especially this term. So, I was very, I was a little bit nervous, but, yeah, it's a very good opportunity to visit her hometown, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Because the yen is very low now, right?

Neal: Exactly, exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: So how long.

Neal: It's very.

Eric Anthony: Have.

Neal: Weird.

Eric Anthony: You been together?

Neal: It, with.

Eric Anthony: With.

Neal: Sorry.

Eric Anthony: Your girlfriend.

Neal: Sorry, sneeze.

Eric Anthony: Go ahead. Bless you.

Neal: Sorry, sorry. Okay.

Eric Anthony: It went away.

Neal: We've been dating for one and a half years now.

Eric Anthony: That's amazing. I use.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: Every dating app, but I never met anybody Because I'm ugly you are handsome I am.

Neal: No.

Eric Anthony: Ugly.

Neal: No, no, no, no, no, no.

Eric Anthony: I.

Neal: No, no, no, no. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: Have.

Neal: No.

Eric Anthony: A.

Neal: I.

Eric Anthony: Big.

Neal: Agree.

Eric Anthony: Nose.

Neal: Yeah, no.

Eric Anthony: Skinny.

Neal: Uh.

Eric Anthony: Neck.

Neal: -huh.

Eric Anthony: No hair.

Neal: Uh -huh. No.

Eric Anthony: I.

Neal: No, no.

Eric Anthony: Look like Saitama sensei one punch man That's what I look like Like one punch.

Neal: Do you like Saitama? Do you like Punch Man?

Eric Anthony: Yeah, I love Saitama Actually.

Neal: Yeah, me too.

Eric Anthony: I only saw the first season I haven't seen second or third season genus.

Neal: It's very, yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I like you, because you are very funny, and, yeah, so, yeah. Yeah, I wish you have a good luck with summer, with my summer, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Thank you, but it's never going to happen Now does she teach English in Japan?

Neal: She used to. Yeah, but now she's working as an engineer.

Eric Anthony: Wow.

Neal: A software engineer. And I'm a software engineer, too. And, yeah, she changed jobs last September. Before that, she works for a company in Japan. And, yeah, she wanted to change jobs, so I recommend a software engineer. And I, and she, she was, she was curious about engineers, so I recommend it. And she changed jobs. She become an engineer, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Is it easy for an American to find a job like that in.

Neal: No.

Eric Anthony: Japan?

Neal: It's very difficult. So, she looks very, she looked very hard, but she wanted to become an.

Eric Anthony: Well.

Neal: Engineer, yeah, and.

Eric Anthony: She's.

Neal: Get.

Eric Anthony: Probably.

Neal: A job.

Eric Anthony: She's Sounds very talented very smart.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, she's very smart. And I don't know how to say it in English, but she's very... She's very attempt to...

Eric Anthony: She's very Self -motivated maybe she's.

Neal: So, yeah, yeah, yeah, like that, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Very determined.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Wow.

Neal: Like that.

Eric Anthony: You're a lucky man.

Neal: Yeah, I'm lucky, man.

Eric Anthony: My ex -girlfriend was the laziest woman Yeah That was about ten years ago. She was lazy. No ambition No ambition.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: I know it's very It's.

Neal: Maybe.

Eric Anthony: Early, but maybe do you think you will marry her?

Neal: But I don't think software, but... Some, no, I don't know. We don't rush, so... Yeah, software, maybe, yeah.

Eric Anthony: You mentioned you and your girlfriend are software engineers So, what do you think about AI? Will it affect your industry?

Neal: Yeah. Of course, I use AI for job or work. And last year, just start of the last year, 2025, January, I thought AI is not still useful. But the end of this, end of the 2025, I was amazed how smart they are. So, I'm very surprised and I'm a little bit nervous about AI. So, I focus on studying AI recently. And, yeah, it's very smart and it's very game changer, I think. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: Are.

Neal: Especially...

Eric Anthony: You worried about your job some people?

Neal: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe the engineers still need for many companies, but... I have to be... I have to use AI more effectively, more effective. Yeah, I think so. So, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's very... Yeah.

Eric Anthony: So my friend is he was a coder He doesn't do it anymore because AI took his job, but.

Neal: Exactly.

Eric Anthony: Now he works in cybersecurity And he has a better job now Yeah.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think so. Just code, it takes place to AI. So, we need, the engineers need to more, another... Need to supply another value. Yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Need to supplement their knowledge maybe.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Or need to learn more.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Eric Anthony: So.

Neal: Like that. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: How do you always study in your Business your industry.

Neal: Yeah, yeah. I was, I constantly studying my area, my... I constantly study technology. Like, yeah, what the new topics or new information like that. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: So it's never -ending You always have to study.

Neal: Maybe. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I like my job, so it's not the bad thing. But, yeah, yeah. But AI is very... It's very, yeah, game changer, I think. So, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Which AI tools do you use?

Neal: I, for the daily chore, daily using is chat GPT. But when I write the code, the programming, I use fraud code, fraud. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: What do you think about I don't know if you use this deep seek.

Neal: Deep, deep. Deep? Ah, maybe deep research?

Eric Anthony: Deep.

Neal: No?

Eric Anthony: Seek is China China's Check you.

Neal: I don't use this.

Eric Anthony: I think for language translation deep seek is very good With my experience.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: I'm.

Neal: Maybe.

Eric Anthony: Studying Thai language and the translations are really good.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially the language is... The chat GPT, Gemini or like that, something like that. It's very, very good, recently. Not so different the house.

Eric Anthony: All right.

Neal: Model. Yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Not.

Neal: Yeah. They.

Eric Anthony: Much.

Neal: Are very...

Eric Anthony: Difference.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think so, yeah.

Eric Anthony: What do you think? about The future of Japan because I.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Know the birth rate is very low.

Neal: -hmm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, maybe it's the problem that population is decreasing. But, so we need to accept the voters worker.

Eric Anthony: You think so? Yeah.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, I think so. So, yeah, I think the Japanese workforce is getting weaker, I think.

Eric Anthony: No.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, the data... The... The convenience store had employees and they are almost Chinese or Korean. And, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, there are a few stores in which aware Japanese people work there.

Eric Anthony: So You have a negative outlook for.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: The future.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's... Getting weaker relative to other countries. Yeah, I think. Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Well, is that the reason why people are not having children because.

Neal: Yeah, it's...

Eric Anthony: Economy.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. The price is very high, but our salary is not... Not raised. It doesn't raise. So.

Eric Anthony: It doesn't raise.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, and about the... When it comes to AI, AI companies are almost Chinese or American, not Japan. We don't.

Eric Anthony: Why.

Neal: Have.

Eric Anthony: Though?

Neal: It.

Eric Anthony: Why I don't understand.

Neal: It's... Yeah, they... We, in Japan, we don't have the power to develop the AI now. But the government said recently that they built a project to develop the Japanese AI. Yeah, so, yeah. They wanted to keep up with AI, but maybe for now, we can't keep up with the speed of AI now. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: But I'm sure Japan has some amazing.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Engineers that are working on this.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah. But another... The product... We don't have... Many... We don't have many... We don't have big company.

Eric Anthony: Like nvidia or something like that.

Neal: Yeah, like that. Yeah, like that. Yeah, Google or like that. So, yeah. It's... Yeah. Relatively, we don't... We can't keep up with the economy from the companies or countries.

Eric Anthony: Do.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: You want children in the future?

Neal: Yeah, it's...

Eric Anthony: It's a big question, sorry.

Neal: Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. It's 50 -50 for now. I want.

Eric Anthony: It's.

Neal: Children.

Eric Anthony: 50.

Neal: But.

Eric Anthony: 50 or I am on the fence about it On.

Neal: I'm.

Eric Anthony: On the fence means.

Neal: On the.

Eric Anthony: 50.

Neal: Fence.

Eric Anthony: 50.

Neal: Yeah, I'm on the fence about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. How about you?

Eric Anthony: Oh, no.

Neal: You...

Eric Anthony: No.

Neal: Really?

Eric Anthony: Children no In the past yes, but now i'm 48 years old not now. Oh.

Neal: I.

Eric Anthony: God.

Neal: See.

Eric Anthony: No Every day i'm thinking about Retirement.

Neal: Mm -hmm, mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: I just want to retire.

Neal: Mm -hmm, mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: And read books every day.

Neal: Mm -hmm, mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: You know Spider -man is from new york city.

Neal: Yeah, yeah. Spider -Man.

Eric Anthony: Queens.

Neal: Yeah. So, I want to go to New York in the future, someday.

Eric Anthony: Come during the spring or summer don't come now too.

Neal: -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Many people.

Neal: Mm -hmm. Mm -hmm, mm -hmm. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: I can't go outside. It's too many.

Neal: -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Tourists.

Neal: Too many people.

Eric Anthony: Too many like japan. We have over tourism.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a problem that... Like, Kyoto is very... So many foreigners, so many tourists. Yeah, it's the social problem, the new.

Eric Anthony: Because.

Neal: Set.

Eric Anthony: A lot of tourists are disrespectful.

Neal: Yeah, exactly.

Eric Anthony: To japanese culture. I saw videos.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Of that.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sometimes, new sets, foreigners do something about the traditional shrines or traditional place. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Congratulations on your new prime minister.

Neal: Ah, yeah, yeah, thank.

Eric Anthony: First.

Neal: You. The.

Eric Anthony: Female.

Neal: Female prime minister. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Yeah. What.

Neal: But.

Eric Anthony: Do you think about her?

Neal: It's a very good thing, but my girlfriend said she don't like the forest. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: I agree with her.

Neal: So, yeah, she tried to restrict the coming Japan, the forest.

Eric Anthony: Foreigners, yes.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: So I like to travel to countries with no foreigners.

Neal: Mm -hmm. Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Just local people.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: So I agree with her.

Neal: Yeah, it's sad. Yeah, but Japan, before I said that Japan needs more workers, so we have to accept the foreigners to work. So, yeah, it's... Yeah, I don't know, but it's a tough situation. And she... Someday, the prime minister has to accept the foreigners, maybe.

Eric Anthony: Eventually no choice, right?

Neal: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: What is your girlfriend's best quality or characteristic?

Neal: She has... I like her hard -working personality.

Eric Anthony: Good.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Hard -working.

Neal: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, diligent. Diligent.

Eric Anthony: She is diligent.

Neal: Diligent, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Is she older or younger than you?

Neal: Younger than me. Maybe eight or nine years younger than me.

Eric Anthony: That's not bad.

Neal: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Also, what is the name of the dating app I want to try it.

Neal: It's the... The Japanese dating app, so... I can't remember, so...

Eric Anthony: There's so many.

Neal: Yeah, exactly. Peers.

Eric Anthony: Pairs.

Neal: Peers, yeah. Maybe Japanese... Peers. Maybe Japanese app, Japanese service.

Eric Anthony: Like oh.

Neal: I don't know.

Eric Anthony: It it looks like I accessed this in in the.

Neal: But...

Eric Anthony: Past This one.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Is it free.

Neal: Maybe male is not free.

Eric Anthony: Never.

Neal: Female is...

Eric Anthony: For males We always lose.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly.

Eric Anthony: God It's a woman's world.

Neal: Yeah, yeah. But I recommend that app, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Are you a coffee drinker? Like.

Neal: A little, but listen to it. I drink a smoothie in the morning. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: A protein shake.

Neal: Yeah, protein and banana and soy milk, like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: So you like to exercise exercise?

Neal: I like, but I don't... I haven't... Doing exercise recently. Yeah, so I have to exercise. Yeah, recently I'm running three times per week. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm running, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Oh running, okay.

Neal: Running, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: In this cold weather. Oh.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm working from home, so...

Eric Anthony: Wow, yeah.

Neal: I need to exercise to keep my health. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: Do you prefer to work remotely? Or go to the office.

Neal: I prefer working from home. Yeah, yeah. I.

Eric Anthony: Me too.

Neal: Like.

Eric Anthony: It's so convenient.

Neal: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah.

Eric Anthony: How many hours do you work per day?

Neal: Maybe eight or nine hours per day.

Eric Anthony: Nine hours.

Neal: Yeah, eight or nine, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Even the weekend I.

Neal: No, only weekdays. How about you? Do.

Eric Anthony: Work three jobs.

Neal: You... Ah, I see. It's very tough.

Eric Anthony: But again, it's temporary Actually.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: I'm looking at places to work in japan But I think i'm too old to.

Neal: No.

Eric Anthony: Work there.

Neal: No, no. Maybe you can teach in English or something.

Eric Anthony: Yeah, that's exactly.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Eric Anthony: What i'm looking for. But.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: I don't want.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: To teach little kids like a b c d. No, I don't want to I was too tired for that Teacher saitama.

Neal: Yeah. You're very funny, yeah.

Eric Anthony: And tokyo is too expensive for me.

Neal: Exactly, yeah. Tough, yeah. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: I want to go to ah.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Eric Anthony: I want to go to a Country town where there's a lot.

Neal: -hmm.

Eric Anthony: Of bears. I like bears.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very, it's, yeah, very attacks, the attacks is very, yeah.

Eric Anthony: Very.

Neal: It's problem.

Eric Anthony: Common.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: I want to see that.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah.

Eric Anthony: Neil.

Neal: Yeah, okay.

Eric Anthony: Nice to meet you.

Neal: That's me to do, yeah.

Eric Anthony: See.

Neal: Thank.

Eric Anthony: You.

Neal: You.

Eric Anthony: Soon. All.

Neal: See you.

Eric Anthony: Bye. Bye.

Neal: Bye -bye.
