# Cambly Session - 2026-01-05

Neal: Hello.

Alma G: Hello. Oh wait, can you hear me?

Neal: Yeah, I can hear.

Alma G: Just a second because I can't hear you.

Neal: Okay, can you hear me?

Alma G: The volume's up. Let me try something really quick. Just a second. Okay, hopefully that works. What about now? Can you hear me?

Neal: Yeah, I can hear you.

Alma G: I.

Neal: How about.

Alma G: Can hear you now as well. Good morning. How are you doing today?

Neal: Yeah, yeah, I'm doing great. How about you? How are you?

Alma G: I'm doing fantastic. Thank you.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Alma G: Okay, let's take a look. So my name is Alma. It's a pleasure. What is your name and where are you from?

Neal: Now, I'm from Japan and my name is Minoru and my nickname is Niu, so please call me Niu.

Alma G: Neal.

Neal: I live in Tokyo now and I have a girlfriend. She's American and we talk about, we talk, we speak usually in Japanese, but I want to improve my English, so sometimes we speak in English and, yeah, like that. And I'm a software engineer and, yeah, like that. Mm.

Alma G: Okay, I understand.

Neal: -hmm.

Alma G: Neal. And so is this the relationship, the main reason why.

Neal: -hmm.

Alma G: You're here on Cambly?

Neal: Yeah, but before we, we've been dating for one and a half years for now, but before we met, I am curious about, I was curious about, uh, I've been curious about English and I, I used Cambly, uh, not very often, but, uh, last August, 2025, in August, we went to the United States to visit her hometown. She's from.

Alma G: Oh, that's.

Neal: Idaho.

Alma G: Nice.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's from Idaho and it was my first time traveling abroad and it was very exciting and it was a milestone for me in my life, so it made me want to study English. So, I studied Cambly and, uh, maybe, so I've been, uh, studying English for, for, for months, like that, yeah. So, I studied Cambly, yeah.

Alma G: You retook your English journey since that trip to Idaho?

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah.

Alma G: That's.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Awesome. Okay. That's amazing. Was that your first time abroad ever or was it the first time specifically in the U .S.?

Neal: No, uh, the, the, uh, it was my first time traveling, uh, traveling abroad, yeah. Oh.

Alma G: Ever.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, not ever, ever, yeah.

Alma G: Okay. Okay. That's amazing. So after that trip and that it kind of like opened your mind.

Neal: Exactly.

Alma G: What are your plans for the future? Like have you considered living abroad or maybe working abroad because you said you're a software engineer?

Neal: Yeah, yeah, I'm a software engineer, so, yeah, so, I, I, ideally, uh, I, uh, I want to go to abroad and back on first, and sometimes we, I stay Japan and, and, and sometimes we want, I want to, uh, stay somewhere else for two or three months and back, and back to America, uh, Japan, I stay, uh, yeah, yeah, like that. So, I want to, uh, I want to work anywhere, uh, some, uh, in the future, yeah, it's my ideal plan, so, yeah. So, I want, I, it, for me, uh, I, I need English, you know, only for daily life, but also for work, yeah, yeah, I think so, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: I understand. So your work requires you to work from distance or from long distance like you don't have to attend to any office?

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes, now I work from home, uh, yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah, like.

Alma G: A hundred.

Neal: That.

Alma G: Percent. That's amazing. It sounded though as if you were interested in traveling more. However, it seems like you're not thinking about living abroad permanently. Like you would like to return to your hometown, right?

Neal: Yeah, yeah, I love Japan, yeah, so, maybe it's, and my girlfriend loves Japan, too, so.

Alma G: Keep.

Neal: Maybe a bit, I think our placement is Japan, and, and sometimes I want to, we want to go somewhere and stay for a month, and back to Japan, and back.

Alma G: Going.

Neal: And forth, and yeah, yeah, yeah, like that.

Alma G: I understand. I mean, it makes sense. I think the quality of life is way higher compared.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: To any other country probably. Right.

Neal: Exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: That's amazing. So your girlfriend loves Japan as well. That's a.

Neal: Exactly.

Alma G: Plus then.

Neal: Sure.

Alma G: Yeah. Okay.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: I see, Neil. And then I wanted to ask you, what would you like to practice for today? Do you usually like to do like a specific type of lessons for conversation? What do you like to do?

Neal: At first, I, I want to know each other, so, I want to have the small talk, but, but, yeah, so, at this time, we, we want to know each other, yeah, but I, I sometimes use, uh, the Engoo, uh, Engoo articles, or later, yeah.

Alma G: You like to use that too. Okay.

Neal: Yeah, uh.

Alma G: I understand very well. And then also on your trip to Idaho, did you guys explore elsewhere or did you guys just remained within the States?

Neal: Just, yeah, around the, under her hometown, uh.

Alma G: Nice.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, so, when, when, when I visited her hometown, the, uh, uh, uh, fortunately, they held the festival, the local festival, that, uh, the Laurels, uh, so, I, I joined, I joined the Laurels festival, and I see a lot of Laurels, and I, I, I was amazed, and I, I feel amazed, and I'm, yeah, they are very crazy, yeah, very good, yeah, uh, uh.

Alma G: So it was a unique experience. You were there for the season. You.

Neal: So, uh, summers.

Alma G: Said August, right? Summer.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah.

Alma G: Okay. That's fantastic. What other states or cities or maybe countries do you want to visit? Because you mentioned like a month or two, right?

Neal: Uh.

Alma G: What places do you and your girlfriend have in mind?

Neal: For me, uh, I wanna go to the New York, yeah, because I, yeah, I like, I love Spider -Man, so, yeah.

Alma G: He's.

Neal: So.

Alma G: A New.

Neal: I.

Alma G: Yorker.

Neal: Want to, yeah, yeah, I, I want to see the Spider -Man movies, uh, yeah, place.

Alma G: Uh.

Neal: So.

Alma G: -huh.

Neal: I want to see South, uh, I want to see the New York scenery, uh, uh, in the future, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Yeah. Is that Spider -Man behind you? Is that like a...

Neal: This is, yeah.

Alma G: Yeah. I just figured. Yeah. Yeah.

Neal: I, I.

Alma G: Now that.

Neal: Bought.

Alma G: You said.

Neal: This, yeah, yeah, I bought this from the United States.

Alma G: Oh, you.

Neal: This.

Alma G: Brought that back.

Neal: This.

Alma G: Home.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, this post.

Alma G: Cool.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Okay. So you really do love, you really do like Spider -Man.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Okay. Okay. That's pretty cool. Do you guys like to collect any items from Spider -Man or anything else?

Neal: Uh, not so many, but, uh, I, I, my, my phones, the, the Spider -Man's.

Alma G: What.

Neal: The.

Alma G: Is that? Oh, like to hold your phone, right?

Neal: Phones cover, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Oh, it's with the whole phone case?

Neal: It's one case, yeah, yeah, like that, yeah.

Alma G: Okay. So you have a few items. Okay. That's nice.

Neal: So.

Alma G: Did you ever like.

Neal: Uh.

Alma G: Dress up or did you ever get like a Spider -Man theme party as a kid?

Neal: No, not so, I, I, I've never, yeah, yeah, went to that.

Alma G: You've never done anything like that? Okay.

Neal: Yeah, so, where, where do you live?

Alma G: Oh, I currently live in the center of Mexico.

Neal: Mexico, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Right in the middle. We don't have any beaches or anything like that here, unfortunately. Yeah. Yeah.

Neal: So, uh, so, you, uh, you, uh, sorry, where are you originally from?

Alma G: Well.

Neal: So, Mexico?

Alma G: Uh -huh. Born. I was originally born actually in this same city. My mom's family is from this city, but my father's family is from California. And we moved back when I was maybe like a couple of weeks old, very young. And right now, half of my family is living in the state still. It's just me and my mom with my family, my husband and my daughter.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: That are living over here.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, good.

Alma G: Yes.

Neal: Good.

Alma G: Yeah. And we like exploring the country, actually. We.

Neal: Good.

Alma G: Try to do it like every at least like four to five times a year. We try to travel around on road trips. Yeah.

Neal: Good.

Alma G: Yeah, that's fun.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you do teaching English?

Alma G: Well.

Neal: Mainly, yeah.

Alma G: I mean, in the in the past, what was it? Maybe three and a half years since we moved. It has been like that before that I was working like in the automobile industry. But then we moved to quit. So, yeah, that's what.

Neal: In.

Alma G: Happened.

Neal: Mexico?

Alma G: No. And in.

Neal: In.

Alma G: The States.

Neal: The States? Uh -huh, uh -huh, uh.

Alma G: My.

Neal: -huh.

Alma G: Family. Well, my husband's family is from Minnesota and they still live over there. Yeah.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Good.

Alma G: Yes. And, yeah, that's what we usually do here. What about you? Have you been have you guys been exploring? I've been showing I'm assuming that your girlfriend lives in Japan. Yeah. Is that accurate? OK.

Neal: Yeah, yeah. So.

Alma G: Have you guys explored Japan? OK.

Neal: Yeah. Sometimes, but yeah.

Alma G: Nice.

Neal: Last year, we, we, yeah, I make the bucket list. So, I want to do something. So, I talk, I said, I talk, I talked to my girlfriend about my bucket list, and we went to, we went to the, we went to the place that I want to go. Yeah, yeah. So.

Alma G: Nice.

Neal: We went, so we went to the near prefecture and.

Alma G: Mm hmm.

Neal: Make the candle, we made candle, candle.

Alma G: You made candles.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Oh, OK.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, like that. Yeah, yeah. So, sometimes, yeah. So, we, we go to, sometimes we travel, we have traveled somewhere. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: OK, OK.

Neal: Uh.

Alma G: That's lovely.

Neal: -huh.

Alma G: That's.

Neal: Uh.

Alma G: Pretty cool.

Neal: -huh.

Alma G: Do you guys still have what? What's like the next thing on your guys's bucket list?

Neal: Uh, yeah. We, for now, we were, we are going to go board, board, ski this month.

Alma G: Skiing.

Neal: Ski, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, this, this, uh, end of this month, we are, we are going to plan, we are, we plan to go skiing. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: OK. I guess it's the is it the is it like a seasonal activity in Tokyo? Yeah.

Neal: Uh, not.

Alma G: Winter.

Neal: Tokyo. The, another, we went to another prefecture. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In Tokyo, there's no snow so far.

Alma G: Oh, OK.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: There's like a special or a specific. What did you call it, Prefecture?

Neal: Uh, the, uh, the Nagano, Nagano prefecture, we went, we, we are.

Alma G: But.

Neal: Going.

Alma G: You.

Neal: To.

Alma G: Said Prefecture, right? OK.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: So this specific prefecture to for.

Neal: Exactly.

Alma G: Skiing resorts.

Neal: Yeah. So, skiing, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Uh -huh.

Alma G: That's.

Neal: Uh -huh.

Alma G: Nice. Has she ever been skiing before? Has she ever been?

Neal: And I, yeah, yeah, and.

Alma G: That's.

Neal: I.

Alma G: Good.

Neal: But we, we, we, uh, uh, we, uh, it's been a long time to, to.

Alma G: Since.

Neal: Since, since, since maybe 10 years? Or so, yeah, so, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Yeah. So it's it's not something that you guys do very often. OK.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah.

Alma G: I understand. Yeah, I guess Idaho is not famous for for skiing, maybe. OK. That's nice. It's a nice activity.

Neal: Yeah, thank you.

Alma G: What is are you are you were you born and raised in Tokyo or are you from another city?

Neal: Uh, I'm from another, uh, prefecture, uh, but near Tokyo. I, I was born in close to the, close to Mount Fuji. Do you know Mount Fuji? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I can see Mount Fuji very neat, very close. Uh, yeah. Uh, when I went to, when I, when I go, went to school, uh, my, uh, when I go, went to my elementary school, I saw the Mount Fuji every day. Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: That's awesome. Like.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: On your way, you would see it every day.

Neal: Exactly.

Alma G: That's cool.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Have you ever climbed Mount Fuji before?

Neal: Uh, technically, yes, but, uh, not so, not summit, not top.

Alma G: Not.

Neal: Uh.

Alma G: To the very top.

Neal: And.

Alma G: Of the mountain.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So.

Alma G: Until.

Neal: Very, uh, the, the low, low, until low, until.

Alma G: The. OK.

Neal: The, yeah, yeah, yeah. Not, not, not until top.

Alma G: Not OK. You haven't reached the top yet.

Neal: Yes, yes, yes, yes.

Alma G: So how tall is it? It must be. Then it's it's. Is it actually tall than.

Neal: It's, uh, actually the 3 ,000, 3 ,300 meters.

Alma G: 300 meters tall?

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: OK. OK. I.

Neal: -hmm.

Alma G: See. I see. I see. Yeah. OK. That makes sense. I guess it's it's a difficult task. It sounds easier.

Neal: -hmm.

Alma G: Than it probably is. Right.

Neal: Mm -hmm, mm -hmm.

Alma G: It's.

Neal: Mm -hmm, mm -hmm.

Alma G: Probably very demanding to to climb. OK.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Very.

Neal: Yeah, yeah. I think.

Alma G: Nice.

Neal: So. Mm.

Alma G: And.

Neal: -hmm.

Alma G: How did you guys spend I don't know if you celebrate Christmas or not or your New Year's. How did you guys spend?

Neal: -hmm. Um, we spend the New Year's, uh, we spend, uh, staying home, uh, overall, but, yeah.

Alma G: Nice.

Neal: We, yeah, we reflect on my, on our, uh, our last years. And plan, make, plan to 2026, what will we do, and.

Alma G: Nice.

Neal: Yeah, what, what should we change for next year, like that. And we saw, uh, we saw anime a lot this, yeah, New Year, yeah. And we, yeah, I, yeah, yeah, like that. Something like that.

Alma G: Very, very laid.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Back and relaxed.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: But.

Neal: How about.

Alma G: Very.

Neal: How.

Alma G: Thoughtful.

Neal: About you?

Alma G: That's nice.

Neal: You spend with your family in New York, yeah, in this New Year's?

Alma G: New Year's.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Alma G: Yeah. We went to the beach for.

Neal: Uh.

Alma G: Christmas.

Neal: -huh.

Alma G: And New Year's and.

Neal: Uh -huh.

Alma G: It was nice. It was beautiful.

Neal: -hmm. Mm -hmm. Is it, is it cold, right?

Alma G: I mean, my city is my.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Alma G: City in the in the center. Like we're surrounded by by hills and mountains. So my city is it was it sucked coming back from the beach because the beach had like a very incredible temperature. They had like they were like at twenty five degrees, which.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Is optimal. I feel like that's just like the perfect weather. Don't you like it's like very pleasant. Yeah. But coming back to my city, we were at four degrees. So huge gap. Yeah. Big contrast. Yeah. But it was it was fun while it lasted. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That's that's what we did over here. The beach. The beach. Is does it how cold does it get? Because you said it's not known like Tokyo is not known for for skiing. But how cold does it get for you guys?

Neal: Maybe around 7 or 8 degrees on average, yeah.

Alma G: On.

Neal: So it's.

Alma G: Average.

Neal: Cold and yeah.

Alma G: It is.

Neal: Exactly.

Alma G: It's bearable, but it's still chilly like you don't want to wake up in the morning and leave your bed.

Neal: Exactly, yeah. Yeah.

Alma G: Yeah. Yeah.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: I bet you it's tough. It's tough.

Neal: Exactly.

Alma G: To leave your bed in the morning with.

Neal: Exactly.

Alma G: Those temperatures. Do you guys have like a like a staple winter drink? You know how there's like eggnog or maybe fruit punch or hot chocolate, something that you guys drink for the winter. OK.

Neal: I don't have particular drink, but she often, she, my girlfriend often drink the tea.

Alma G: She likes tea.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, she likes teas and yeah, and yeah, yeah, but yeah, yeah, yeah, like that, yeah, she often like, often drinks tea or or, but in my house, this room is getting, is easy, easy to get warm because the sunlight, very, this room enter many, much sunlight, so yeah.

Alma G: All of that is natural, right? Natural sunlight.

Neal: Natural sunlight, yeah.

Alma G: Perfect.

Neal: So it's easy to get warm, this room.

Alma G: Yeah, it.

Neal: Yes.

Alma G: Gets warm. Yeah.

Neal: Yeah, so we, we don't need to air conditioner, turn on the, turning on air conditioner, because, yeah, thanks to my, thanks to the sunlight, yeah, so, so, this room is, it's easy to get warm, yeah, so we are not bothering cold, yeah, not so, not very often, we, we, yeah, we are, we still, we stay warm, basically, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: That's nice because the bill, the.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Electric bill gets, you know, increases during the winter.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Not in your case, but what about in the summer.

Neal: Exactly.

Alma G: Then? I guess it gets extra warm since you guys get a lot of sunlight.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, a little bit, yeah, yeah, but this room, only winter, enter the.

Alma G: Hits.

Neal: Direct.

Alma G: The.

Neal: Direct.

Alma G: Hit.

Neal: Sunlight.

Alma G: The. OK.

Neal: Heat, only in winter, yeah, yeah, yeah, so, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: Well, that's very convenient then.

Neal: Yeah, it's.

Alma G: For you guys. That's just perfect.

Neal: A natural, natural, yeah, air conditioner in this room, yeah.

Alma G: And then you get vitamin D because I heard that a lot of people who work online. And to have like vitamin D deficiency, maybe it's not your case with all the sunlight coming in your room.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Alma G: That's.

Neal: Exactly.

Alma G: Very convenient then for you. OK.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Alma G: That's nice. And then do you guys have any what's the next? I'm thinking of the next holiday. I can only think of Valentine's Day. Or do you guys have anything else before February?

Neal: We don't have any plans for for valentine's right yeah and we don't have any plan this week this weekend yeah no yeah yeah yeah.

Alma G: OK. It seems that you guys enjoy staying indoors as well, right? Do you.

Neal: Yeah yeah maybe yeah.

Alma G: Guys prefer that over hanging out?

Neal: Yeah i i don't know but we stay we will stay in room this week yeah.

Alma G: You like that. OK. OK. That's nice. You said that you guys were watching a lot of anime. What's a lot?

Neal: Uh.

Alma G: What does that mean? Like.

Neal: Uh we off we like uh anime and video games so we often watching using the many japanese animation yeah yeah yeah the attack.

Alma G: And you said.

Neal: On.

Alma G: She.

Neal: Titan.

Alma G: Speaks Japanese.

Neal: Yeah yeah yeah yeah.

Alma G: Oh, that's perfect.

Neal: He's good at yes yeah yeah yeah oh sorry uh the next.
