# Cambly Session - 2026-01-06

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Hey, Neil, how are.

Neal: Hi.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: You?

Neal: I'm doing great. How about you?

Dragan Daniel Vujic: I'm well. Thank you, so Where are you from?

Neal: I'm from Japan and I live in Tokyo now.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: What do you do in Japan? What's your job.

Neal: I'm software engineer.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: A software engineer?

Neal: Yeah, so yeah, yeah, and I have a girlfriend. She's American and.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Mm -hmm.

Neal: We've been dating for about one and a half years so far and We see it's good. She's good at speaking Japanese. So we speak in we usually speak in Japanese, but I want to improve my English. So we sometimes we speak in English Yeah, like that Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Well, that's that's a good reason to Move your English. Okay. Have you have you ever been to America?

Neal: Last August We.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: -hmm?

Neal: Went to the United States to visit her hometown and she's from Idaho Yeah, and it was my first time traveling abroad So I was I was nervous, but it was a very Fun and exciting and Yeah, it's very it's my yeah, it's.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Of.

Neal: My.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: All.

Neal: Big.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: The play of all the places to go in the United States you end up going to Idaho.

Neal: Yeah, yeah very rural and.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Very very rule It's okay. Was.

Neal: In.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: It in the summer or winter?

Neal: Summer, yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: This is good because the winters are quite cold there.

Neal: Yeah, it's very hot.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: So it was hot in the summer, okay.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Well, nice very nice.

Neal: Thank.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Your.

Neal: You.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Your girlfriend she lives in Japan with you.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we live together now and She changed jobs and She become an engineer too. She become a software engineer, too.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: That's what I was gonna say, how did a girl from Idaho end up in Japan and more importantly How did a girl from Idaho learn Japanese?

Neal: She is her Grandfather served in the US military and when she was stationed in Japan So yeah, so she is growing up with hearing her his Story about Japan so he she was Interested in Japan. So she began to study Japanese And She She studied abroad to Japan when she was in college exchange student as a exchange student, so Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: In Japan.

Neal: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So and she began to build his her career in Japan and now she Yeah, what she's working now in Japan.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Japan has very strict immigration laws Especially.

Neal: Yeah, yes.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: For for working permits. It's not very easy to get a working permit in Japan.

Neal: Yeah, I think so.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: No, I I think this this woman is very impressive how she managed to get all this She's not married to you. You're not married and.

Neal: Not not Mary. Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: She managed to get a working permit to learn Japanese to meet a nice Japanese guy. This woman is incredible especially Especially because she's from Idaho rule.

Neal: She's very Yeah, she's very I don't know how to say, but she's very yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Incredible.

Neal: Incredible. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: I.

Neal: It's she's.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Can I.

Neal: Very.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Can.

Neal: Smart and yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Kneel I can see your motivation to improve your English it makes sense, okay? How long have you been with Cambly?

Neal: Technically maybe two or three years, but I Didn't do didn't use Cambly not very often And And But the traveling made me want to Want.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Improve.

Neal: To study improve yeah, yeah, so I Began to study I began to use Cambly and restart Cambly so maybe I have been using Cambly for Two No four months Constantly yeah, yeah after Traveling abroad. Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Okay All right, so no, let's go do some Let's go do some Vocabulary see what you know of words so that I can get some idea of your vocabulary level Here we go, so I'm gonna give you ten questions. I'm gonna make a prediction you will get six, right? And this is based on speaking with you for seven minutes. I'm always right It's your job to make me wrong make sure you get more than six right Okay What is the word for when you admit that you did something wrong?

Neal: You did something wrong Um Confess.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Confess.

Neal: Yeah, I only know confess.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Well, you got it right green is right red is wrong First answer is right which word is a synonym for advantage example an advantage in the job You do.

Neal: Perk.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Which one?

Neal: Perk.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Perk is correct.

Neal: Uh -huh.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: What is a toddler a.

Neal: I don't know this word But uh in my.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Small.

Neal: My sixth sense says A small flower.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: A small flower.

Neal: Yeah Ah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Not quite a toddler is a.

Neal: Fighting.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Baby a small child. Yeah Almost all right, which word has nothing to do with fighting.

Neal: Skirmish.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Skirmish. No Skirmishes everything to do with fighting so does battle so does combat fair is what you pay To ride the bus or the Metro or the train? So.

Neal: Uh -huh.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Fair is.

Neal: What.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: The correct answer Number five what is the enclosed area in a bathroom or office a.

Neal: Is it Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Vehicle No, a vehicle is a car an enclosed area is a cubicle cubicle All right moving on What is the British English word for a line of people waiting for something a line? What is the British word for line?

Neal: British word too.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Q is correct What is the sound of a door closing hard?

Neal: Um Um Bad Bang Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Bang is correct Which word means both change and study for a test.

Neal: Let me tell you still If revised.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: To change? thing or To Revise is correct.

Neal: Uh -huh.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Which word is not a tree.

Neal: Each.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Beach is correct Which phrasal verb means to meet by chance? to To run into is correct. So I said you were gonna get six, right? You got one two, three, four five. No No No six and seven oh You killed me. You got seven right? You're supposed to get six, right? Yes, you pass You're better better than I thought Okay Good All right. So do you watch? English television series and movies.

Neal: I like.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Yes Okay All right. Look language and I speak several language. I speak five languages.

Neal: Mm -hmm. Oh.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Well.

Neal: Really?

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Yeah, what what I know about languages is they're not you cannot learn a language from a book The only thing you can learn from a book is grammar. That's it and You certainly can't learn from an application on your phone Language is learned only by listening Okay So you you have to be exposed to listening to English often at least.

Neal: I.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: One hour a day All right.

Neal: See. Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: It doesn't matter what you're listening to it could be a podcast an audio book you do but movie a TV series But make it a point to listen to English one hour a day. Very important. Okay.

Neal: I see I see so I I have a question, uh how How focus on the listening? Uh.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: No.

Neal: During our during the hour.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Good good question You see the way the brain works with languages and I know something about this. I researched this for six years The subconscious mind and the conscious mind the conscious mind and the subconscious mind The subconscious mind you you have no control over but it is always learning. It's always me okay, and.

Neal: Yeah, okay.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: The fact is you say how do I focus on learning vocabulary? Well, you don't have to focus That's the beauty of it. All you have to do is hear You know Let me give you an example, I worked I worked in Turkey for six years All right, and I spoke English at my workplace in Turkey. I had no interest in their language It was not it was not useful for me to learn a language But after six years of hearing Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish everywhere Turkish. I Learned to speak Turkish not very well, but you have to keep in mind. I wasn't even trying to learn. Okay, so Imagine how powerful Listening to a language. I learned the language when I wasn't even trying to learn it, but you are trying to improve it.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: So the thing is you don't have to focus on anything. You just have to listen. That's.

Neal: Uh.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: It.

Neal: I see yeah, yeah, you got it.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: No, yeah, and That works because The subconscious mind works harder than your car and you know, the reason it works harder is because The conscious mind is busy doing one thousand other things at the same time, right? It's giving instructions to breathe to move your hands to walk to it to see to hear The conscious mind is very busy mind the subconscious mind yeah, it has nothing to do so it's been a lot of time Trying to figure out For example, what does rectify me?

Neal: What.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Do you know?

Neal: What word.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Rectify.

Neal: Like if I don't know the word.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Wow You you don't know this word rectify your subconscious mind just heard this word now for the first time.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Yeah, and so did your conscious mind, okay rectify rectify now the way the brain works Which subconscious mind is gonna forget about this word. You know why? Because it's not very important. There's more important to do like Breathing. Okay. All right. You see your subconscious mind It has nothing to do. It's now really pissed off because it doesn't know what rectify is means Over the next few days your subconscious mind is gonna try very hard to figure out. What does rectify mean? you know I Will tell you what it means now, but even if I don't tell you what it means Trust me in about one week or two weeks your subconscious mind will figure it out Okay.

Neal: Mm -hmm. Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: It means correct to correct something So if you wrote a code that is not executing properly, I Might say to you. I want you to rectify this problem Okay, in other words it means I want you to correct this problem All right Also, I don't know if you've tried this before but it doesn't work Trying to memorize words Okay, when you silently in.

Neal: I.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Your mind try to memorize words like supersede What does supersede mean?

Neal: Don't know.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Supersede so I'm gonna tell you now I Am going to I'm going to vocally tell you that means I'm using my voice to tell you supersede means That everything that came before does not count only what I do now counts That means superseding something right So everything before does not count only from this point on does something count that's superseding Now Neil if you read this word silent in your mind You will you will have for you would forget this word in three days, okay? Because the memory does not work very good with the eyes Okay, but hearing is very strong in your memory, so Trust me if you and I speak again in one week and I ask you Neil What does supersede means you will remember supersede means nothing before counts only what we do now counts Okay Yeah All right. In other words what I'm telling you is When you're studying English do it out loud.

Neal: Uh, uh -huh, uh.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: No, you don't understand me. I can tell by your body language. I've lost you about two minutes ago, okay?

Neal: Okay. Okay. Okay.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: All right, let me rephrase it everything you do related to learning English.

Neal: -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Speak it if you don't speak it you will forget.

Neal: -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: It, okay.

Neal: Uh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: All right Yeah.

Neal: -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Because the brain memory works well What it hears?

Neal: Uh, I.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: It does.

Neal: See.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Not work. Well what it sees okay? Let me give you an example You've known your girlfriend for one and a half years now, right? Okay, and You met her parents, right? Okay.

Neal: Yes, yes.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: I'm I'm sure her father or her mother must have told you a story something something Okay, it doesn't matter what it doesn't matter what it is, and it's.

Neal: -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: In your memory now, okay? Because they spoke it in Ten years from now if you never see these people again. You don't see these people in ten years. You don't see them You will still remember the story they told you.

Neal: -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Right? But if I ask you can you describe your girlfriend's father Trust me. You will not remember what he looks like okay in here in ten years Remember what it looks like okay is because the eyes do not remember very well the ear remember everything Okay Yeah So you got that good What movie did you watch recently that was good in.

Neal: Uh in english.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: English?

Neal: Uh We watch the We will watch the dragon tails.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: What.

Neal: For dragon tails.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: What.

Neal: The.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Is dragon is?

Neal: The animation for kids American kids. Yeah the easy.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Animation.

Neal: Yeah animation. Yeah, yeah the easy english they speak easy english and and yeah, yeah, so I I I can a little bit. I can understand what they say a little bit. Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: All right, okay, I get it All right, let me let me let me give you some feedback on your English, okay.

Neal: Yeah, okay, please.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Yes, and I'm gonna write this down for you Okay here we go. Oh come on. What's going on here? There we go, so I break English down or I in fact I break any language down in five categories right and In each category, I'm going to give you a score of one to a hundred. I'm sorry 120 20 20 Five categories times 20 is a hundred that's the perfect score or.

Neal: Okay, okay, okay.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: You can get one point for each category. That's five. That's terrible that means your English is awful All right so first category is Pronunciation okay.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Very important category I Give you seven out of a.

Neal: Thank.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: 20.

Neal: You.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Out of 20, okay? So that means you need to work on pronunciation all right.

Neal: Yeah, okay.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Okay, all right second category is confidence. Do you know what confidence means?

Neal: Uh, yeah, I know this word.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Yeah, okay.

Neal: But I yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Okay, it means how comfortable you are to do something right Yeah, and you're amazing man your confidence is almost perfect.

Neal: Oh, thank you. Thank.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Look.

Neal: You.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: You feel very comfortable to speak English even with complete stranger like me You just met me.

Neal: Thank.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: And you you're talking to me like you know me for two.

Neal: You.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Years already. This is good. Yeah.

Neal: Thank you, thank you.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Alright, so your confidence is really really good. You know almost perfect. I would say Okay and Third place third most important thing is accent. You know what accent means.

Neal: Yeah the like a strength or lower when.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Yeah, the.

Neal: I.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Way you the way you speak like Japanese, right so your accent is a bit strong, okay? It's.

Neal: -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Not that bad But I.

Neal: -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Give you and we need just your accent a little bit, okay And I'll explain how to do that in a moment, okay? Okay after accent the next most important thing is vocabulary Obviously we need to know words, right? And I'm afraid you're a bit weak on your vocabulary, okay, I give you eight for that, okay yeah, and After vocabulary is grammar okay, and Surprisingly your grammar is not so bad You know.

Neal: Thank.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: It's.

Neal: You. Thank you. Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Not it's not great, but it's much better than your vocabulary Okay Well.

Neal: Thank you.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: So now you've got 11 there now what we do is we calculate this okay? We go 7 plus.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: 19 plus 10 plus 8 plus 11 Okay and Remember 70 if you get 70 you have good English. It's good for business Okay You got 55 all right, okay under 12 Needs work, okay need work What do you have under 12 well? pronunciation.

Neal: First turn Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Accent vocabulary grammar everything that confidence, okay?

Neal: Yeah, I.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Now how do we do fluency you know what fluent means right fluent? Okay, if.

Neal: Know.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: You if you were ever considered if you're ever wondering how fluent you are well What I do is I calculate And you should have over 12 to be fluent over 12 But I calculate pronunciation Okay, plus vocabulary Plus grammar, okay, and you get 26 for you, and then you divide that by 3 and Your fluency is right here 8 .67 okay, so not quite fluent, okay? Well Let me also give you this a 1 and a 2 are beginners, okay? That's not you. That's not you B.

Neal: Yeah, okay.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: 1 and B 2 is intermediate, okay? B 1 and C 2 is advanced Okay, I Think you are the one level.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I want to be yeah, I want to I want to reach C1 level ultimate with my yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: You.

Neal: It's my.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Know.

Neal: Ultimate.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Something?

Neal: Goal.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Normally, I would say that's not really that's not really possible Normally, I say this because you need to be in an English environment in order to achieve that level but.

Neal: Well, yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: You have a girlfriend.

Neal: Yeah, yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Who is American and if you speak English with her you are in that environment and Therefore you could probably achieve C1 level okay?

Neal: Thank you, yeah, thank.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Yeah, so but.

Neal: You.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Before you get to C1 you got to get to B2.

Neal: Exactly exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: All right so You know remember the key is you need to listen, okay? That's first.

Neal: Yeah, okay, yeah, yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Read read out loud three hours a week, okay?

Neal: Okay, okay, okay.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: All right, don't a no more taking breaks from Cambly like six months or one year, okay? and And I I think I I think you can get to be two in four to five months okay, and Then from B2 to C1. I don't know it could take over a year over one year all right But you really don't need C1 C1 is just because you want it For business and for everyday regular Communication with even native speakers B2 is sufficient. It's enough.

Neal: Uh -huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I see I see Okay.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: But you got to get serious man Neil okay one.

Neal: Mm -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Hour listening to English seven hours a week Three hours reading out loud no missing.

Neal: -hmm.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Cambly classes.

Neal: Okay, okay, it's very Yeah, thank you for this your advice. It's very Thanks. Uh, it's very useful to me Yeah, yeah, very. Yeah. Thank you so much.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: You're welcome. I I think you can get to be too very fast. Okay.

Neal: Uh, I I do my best. Yeah.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: I.

Neal: Thank.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: Hope to.

Neal: You.

Dragan Daniel Vujic: See you again. Bye. Bye.

Neal: Bye. Bye.
