# Cambly Session - 2026-01-07

Neal: Okay.

McK: Okay. So the topic of the article is.

Neal: I wanna use this topic. Are you okay? So I will need this article.

McK: Yeah, read it first.

Neal: Okay, please. You should. You. You take notes. Yeah, yeah, no.

McK: You look your... Make sure you're reading it right?

Neal: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Vocabulary.

McK: Ready?

Neal: Okay. Opportunity. A time or situation that makes it possible to do something. I'd like to take this opportunity to Thank you all for your hard work, economy, the structure or state of production and consumption of goods and the supply of money in country or religion, the daily industry in an important part of New Zealand's economy, optimistic, generally hopeful and positive about the future. I've had tough years so far, but I'm optimistic about the future. Respondent Some of us replied to something such as a survey or questionnaire. At least 70% of the respondents said they rely on social media for the last news and trends.

McK: Latest.

Neal: Latest news and trends. Positive. Constructive. Constructive, optimistic, helpful, etc. I'm not feeling very positive about our upcoming exams in store to happen in the future. We don't know what the future has in store. Okay? I will read this article. Well, okay. Please collect me. The pronunciation.

McK: Well, you read. I can stop you if it's wrong.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, you can stop. Okay. Okay. We often think of. Oh, okay. Will 2026 be better than 2025? Many people think so. We often think of our new years as opportunity to start again. We can forget about. Year that has just finished and look to the future. And according to a global survey, many people think 2026 could be better than 2025. Survey company, if I peeps SOS, I post.

McK: I don't know how to pronounce that either.

Neal: Okay. As people from 30 different countries about the year they've just had. What? Was 2025 good? Bad was somewhere in Peru. IPPOS also asked people what they think 2026 will be like. 60% of the people around the world said 66%. 66% of the people around the world said that 2025 was a bad year for their country, but 71% of people believe that 2026 will be better. However, only 49% of people think the global economy will be better in 2026. 2026. The people in Indonesia are the most optimistic about their future. Nine out of ten of them think 2036 will be better than 2035. Most people in Colombia, Chile, Thailand, and Peru are also optimistic. People in France earned to source hopeful. Just 41% of survey respondents think 2026 will be better. Hold on.

McK: Reread that sentence again. People in France.

Neal: People in France and so hopeful. Just 41% of survey respondents think 2026 could be better. Okay. And that's after 90 of French people people said that 2025 was a bad year for the country. The people of Japan are pretty pessimistic too. Only 44% that 2026 will be better year. Only 44% think that 2026 will be better, will be a better year. However, they are a little more positive than they were when I asked them the same question at the end of 2024. So maybe 2026 has some surprises in store. Surprises in store? Surprises in store. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Exercise 3 is boring so skip. Exercise 4 discussion. You asked me. What are your thoughts on Ipsus's findings? I don't know but I think it's good sai world is the world is better than before? Yeah, I think so. You mean you think that because many.

McK: People answered positively that the world is.

Neal: Better than the before? Yeah, I think so. Because so many people answered positively. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

McK: Okay. Do you think the findings.

Neal: Are true? I don't know. Yeah. Because they said they asked Japan, right? But did you answer that survey? No. Right? Yeah. So I'm suspicious about it. Yeah, you're right.

McK: I don't know this questionnaire. Yeah. So it's not exactly not it's not... it might be... it might not correct.

Neal: Accurate.

McK: Be.

Neal: Accurate. It might not be accurate.

McK: Yeah. I don't know how many people respond.

Neal: Yeah. Right.

McK: Yeah. Or what kind of people respond.

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Good. Okay.

McK: Let'S go to the next question. Would you say 2025 was good, bad, or somewhere in between? Just say.

Neal: 5 was good.

McK: I think 20-20-5 was.

Neal: Good because personally I was good year 20-20-5. It was a good year for me? Yeah for me. So I think last year was good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Good. Do you expect 2026 to be a better year than 2025?

McK: Yeah, I think so. But don't you think that every year? Maybe every year I thought. Yeah. But yeah, it.

Neal: Nobody knows what might happen in the future. So, in my opinion, I try to be optimistic. Be optimistic? I try to be optimistic every year. That's good. That's a good mindset. Are you generally optimistic.

McK: Or pessimistic about the global economy? About the global economy? I haven't been thinking about the global.

Neal: Economy very well, but I I think I am optimistic about the global economy. Really? Even though the price of goods is so expensive? Yeah, it's only... I think it's only in Japan, but when it comes to the global economy, it's getting better.

McK: I think so, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think so, yeah. That's true. I was just thinking about Japan, too.

Neal: Even though the question was about the global economy. In your opinion, what would make 2026 a good year for the world? What would make 2026 a good year for the world? In your opinion, what would you make?

McK: What would you make? I can't fully understand this question.

Neal: Please tell me. For example, what should I answer this question? In your opinion, what would make, for example, end of Wars would make a good year.

McK: Improved economy would make it a good year for the world. Stopping climate change would make it a good year.

Neal: Ah, I see, I see. Like that. I'm a software engineer, so 2025 is very is very good about the AI, I think. Yeah. So was very good thanks to AI. 2036.

McK: Was good. 2035 was good thanks to AI. Yes. So 2036 is getting smarter. AI is going to get smarter than last year. So it will make 2026 a good year, I think. Yeah, yeah.

Neal: So from your perspective? Yeah, yeah. My perspective, yeah. Engineer. Engineer, yeah, yeah. Okay. Do you want to move on to the exercise five? Yeah. Okay. What would you.

McK: Say were the highlights.

Neal: Of 2025 for you? Did you say were the highest highlights of 2025? My highlights in of 2025 is traveling to the United States. Yeah. So it's. It's my height of 2 degrees 5. Yeah. Anything else you want to say about this? Yeah.

McK: Or we can do the next question.

Neal: Okay, next question. Okay. What were some of the biggest.

McK: Events in your country in 2025? Yeah, I hope We have the first female prime minister in Japan. Yeah, it's a big news around the world not only Japan.

Neal: Yeah, it's big news, I think Why was it big news? The women. Yeah. When it comes to politics, women, men, politicians, Almost... no. The Prime Minister is man in Japan before this year, before 2035. It's... the Prime Minister had always been a man. Yeah, so... First female Prime Minister, big historical importance. Big historical event. Event. Event, yeah. Or very historically important. Historically important, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

McK: Yeah, I agree. Yeah. It's a.

Neal: Good answer.

McK: Yeah. you Do have any big plans or goals? What were some of the biggest events in your country in 2025?

Neal: Yeah, I have. We have the first female Prime Minister in Japan. It's big news around the world. Not only Japan. It's big news, I think.

McK: To take air balloons or go to.

Neal: United States again and go to Disneyland. Yeah. Or. And, yeah, I have. I have many plans for 2026. How about professional goals? Do you have any professional goals for 2026? Yeah, I wanna make money more this year because I spent.

McK: The money last year a lot.

Neal: And I want to improve my job skills, engineer skills this year so yeah and yeah like that yeah those are good goals yeah how about you do.

McK: You have any plans or goals for 2016? yeah same as you I want to visit America I want to go to Disneyland I want to.

Neal: Want I to go snowboarding.

McK: I also want to improve my skills as an engineer.

Neal: But my biggest goal is to have no stress. No stress mindset is my biggest goal. What are you most looking forward to in the new year? Going to the United States? Maybe? Or yeah, yeah, Me yeah. too. Yeah.

McK: Especially.

Neal: In a new season. Yeah. Right? Yep. Would you say you've become more optimistic or more pessimistic over the years? Would you say you become more... Would you say I can't fully understand this question? Would you say you become more optimistic? I'll change it. Okay. Over the years, have you become more.

McK: Optimistic or more pessimistic when it comes to your mindset? Yeah, maybe optimistic, but. It's not change. But you told me previously that you used to be pessimistic. You're naturally pessimistic. Right? And so you changed that. So I think you become more optimistic, right? Not more. Not change. Really? Maybe I can't understand. This.

Neal: Question. But yeah, you said I tried to be, I am originally pessimistic, naturally pessimistic.

McK: So I tried to.

Neal: Stay optimistic.

McK: I see, I see. But I don't think... I don't think I am more optimistic. I see. Only not change.

Neal: Yes. No difference. Yeah, yeah. I try to be optimistic. Yeah. Is this correct? Yeah, that makes sense.

McK: How about you? I think I have waves. Some years I'm more optimistic than others. Some years I'm more pessimistic than others. It depends on the year. How about this year? This.

Neal: Year, I'd say not especially optimistic, not especially pessimistic, just stress-free and normal. I see.

McK: I see. So, yeah. Okay, so far, do you have any feedback or review my lesson? I think you did really good answering all the questions. If there was feedback, I stopped you.

Neal: You know, so I don't have any feedback right now, but. I think you did good answering questions and you had good long sentences not just short ones yous know? Thank you. Do you have any feedback for yourself? No but yeah I speak the same I.

McK: Think I speak same grammar same.

Neal: Vocabulary so I wanna. I wanna expand it. Expand. Yeah, expand my grammar and vocabulary like that.

McK: Yo. Yes.

Neal: I. I don't really feel that way. I think you use quite a bit. I don't know why you feel that way.

McK: Yeah, of course. I'm not.

Neal: Native. So, yeah.

McK: You feel. Of course you feel. I am not native, right? Well, yeah, so more so than expanding vocabulary. I think it's from pronunciation and sometimes speaking slowly, you know, but.

Neal: When you speak you have good variations so I think that's good. Not enough? Not enough? Well yeah it's good to always want to improve yeah for sure right? For sure but I think you'd be.

McK: Good no no no no yes yes yeah no no you think yeah of course this is not perfect right? Well, yeah, I mean you can always improve. Yeah, so I need to improve my English, right? But I think your English will improve by listening and speaking and practicing new.

Neal: Phrases that you find. For example, like take what she said with a grain of salt. You learned that today from Jennifer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Trying to use those new phrases in your daily conversation.

McK: I think it will help. But already I think you do good. Honestly, I think for you, instead of changing something, you just need to.

Neal: Continue your routine. And recently you you have not been continuing your routine, right? Your vocabulary. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So maybe if you continue or change it, you know, change it, like, so it's easier for you to continue it.

McK: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I try to change. Yeah. More to more effective. Yeah. For me, so, yeah. So I will stop. I stopped my routine, for example, vocabulary like that. So it's easier for you to.

Neal: No, not easy, but more effective for me. I see. Yeah, it's. I think.

McK: I don't.

Neal: I don't mean to.

McK: I don't mean to. Yeah, I don't. I tried. Now I tried to. Do more effective. Before that, I think I am, I, my goal is doing, my goal was doing routine, not for speaking or memorize the vocabulary only do it. Yeah, it's the. It's not the goal, right? My goal is speaking English more friendly. But recently I feel only doing something is goal.

Neal: So I want. I will. I want to change that habit. So. So I try to be more effective. So I change your routine so it's more aligned with your goal. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

McK: That makes sense. So, yeah, it's not.

Neal: It's not easy, I think. Yeah, yeah, but, yeah. To change or to. To continue, what do you mean? To change and to doing routine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like that. I think you have days where you don't want to do it and stuff like that. Yeah, yeah, I want to change the routine for my English, improving it. Yeah, English, yeah. I think so. Yeah. I think it's a good idea. I think many people don't try to change and they just quit. That's a good approach that you took. Yeah, yeah. But I think it's important to continue to learn vocabulary. Yeah, but yeah, yeah, it depends on me. Which way is better to me? For me? Yeah, just only learn vocabulary or say something or listening English or reading book or something. It depends on the person, I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I try. I. I need to try everything. Which is better to me? It is better for me.

McK: You need to try everything to see which is better. Which is better?

Neal: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So now I try to something different. How is it going? I don't know.

McK: Too soon to tell. Continue.

Neal: What do you mean to change to doing routine? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like that, I think.

McK: Do you have days where you don't want to do it and stuff like that?

Neal: Yeah, yeah. I want to change the routine for my English. Improving. Yeah. English? Yeah, I think so.

McK: Be a good year for your English and even better than last year.

Neal: Thank you.

McK: I hope so. I know so.

Neal: Okay. Thank you, teacher. Okay. You're welcome. You did good. Yeah. Bye-bye. You spoke a lot. Thank you.
